feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 9 (#58353)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-share-your-opinion/678a5e7dffffba38c5ad16c4.md

---
id: 678a5e7dffffba38c5ad16c4
title: Task 17
challengeType: 22
dashedName: task-17
---

<!-- (audio) Linda: In my case, I prefer Python because it's great for data analysis. Plus, it's really good for building prototypes quickly. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and complete the sentence below.

# --fillInTheBlank--

## --sentence--

`In my case, I prefer Python because it's BLANK data analysis. Plus, it's really BLANK building prototypes quickly.`

## --blanks--

`great for`

### --feedback--

> This phrase of two words means something is very suitable or effective for a particular purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means something is very suitable or effective for a particular purpose.
```

---

`good for`

### --feedback--

> This phrase of two words means something is suitable or beneficial for a specific task or situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This two-word phrase means something is suitable or beneficial for a specific task or situation.
```
